This is an algorithm.
An algorithm is a template containing the environment definition and scripts.
It is needed to run the task and can be shared by tasks.
After the built of algorithm, an algorithm will generate an image.
An image is a template needed by a container, which is generated by a task.
The container is what really runs.
The relationship between the algorithm, task, image and container is shown in the following graph.

[Algorithm] -----> [Task]
    |                 |
    |                 |
    V                 V
 [Image] ------> [Container]

In this example, the algorithm contains two files: rf101_basics.C and Dockerfile.

The Dockerfile is the guidance of generating the image.
It has the specification of environment(rootproject/root-ubuntu16).
It specify the contents in the image(ADD rf101_basics.C $HOME/rf101_basics.C), 
which means copy the script ``rf101_basics.C'' to the ``home'' of the virtual environment.
It also tells how the scripts will run(root -l -q rf101_basics.C).

The script file rf101_basics.C is modified from roofit/rf101_basics.C of Roofit project.
The following should be addressed.
+ It includes a header file(#include "arguments"). 
  The arguments file will be generated by the task later.

You can type ``impress'' to create a new ``impression''.
A impression is a version of the current algorithm, which is worth being recorded.
Then, type ``submit'' to send the impression to the backend. 
The backend will automatically build it for you.

The ordinary user do not need to worry about the new concept ``impression''.
You can just type ``submit'', and the ``impression'' will be automatically generated for you.

After the status become ``built'', I recommand you to investigate the task.
You can see 

-->o Successors:
[0] (task)                 : @/task1
[1] (task)                 : @/task2

and type ``cd 0'', ``cd @/task1'' or ``cd ../task1'' will move you to task1.
The ``@'' in ``cd @/task1'' means the root directory of the current analysis project.
